doc: add a description of off-strategy compaction (#15464)
scylladb/scylladb: docs/kb/compaction.rst

-----------------------------
Use the table in :ref:`Which strategy is best <which-strategy-is-best>` to determine the right strategy for your needs.

.. _compaction-off-strategy-compaction:

Off-strategy Compaction
----------------------------

> Off-strategy compaction is a default mechanism that improves the efficiency of node operations, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Off-strategy compaction is an internal only compaction strategy used by ScyllaDB to improve the efficiency of node operations, 
```

Reviewer: @raphaelsc please comment

Reviewer 2: Anna is right. Off-strategy is an concept in a higher level than compaction strategy, that can apply to any of them

such as ``bootstrap``, ``repair``, or ``replace``. It keeps SStables created by node operations 
in a separate “maintenance” data set ignored by the regular compaction (STCS, LCS, etc.).

After the node operation is completed, all the new SSTables kept in the maintenance set are 
reshaped and then integrated into the main set of SStables to fall under the regular compaction strategy. 

> 

Reviewer 2: One correction:

After a table has been processed during node operation, all of its new sstables kept in maintenance set ...

Please reword it as you wish.

Off-strategy compaction prevents creating excessive compaction backlog due to a large number 
of SStables generated by node operations. Compaction work during node operations is limited, 
which speeds up the completion of ``repair``, ``bootstrap``, and others. 

> As a rule, we recommend *against* disabling off-strategy compaction. However, if needed, it can be 

Reviewer: AFAIU, "nodetool stop reshape" does not disable off-strategy compaction, its abort teh current running compaction

Reviewer: @raphaelsc is it the case?

Reviewer 2: nodetool stop reshape aborts the off-strategy on behalf of a table, but without throwing out the partial results. off-strategy can still continue on behalf of other tables needing off-strategy.

can abort the currently running off-strategy compaction with the following nodetool command: 

.. code::
   
   nodetool stop RESHAPE 

You can monitor off-strategy compaction via ScyllaDB logs, which contain information about when 

> off-strategy compaction is started and when it is completed.

Reviewer 3: And: `nodetool compactionstats`; such compactions are listed under the RESHAPE type.
